world_law_spread_trees false
world_law_spread_fungi false
world_law_spread_plants false
world_law_spread_fast_trees false
world_law_spread_fast_fungi false
world_law_spread_fast_plants false
world_law_spread_density_high false
world_law_exploding_mushrooms false
world_law_entanglewood true
world_law_bark_bites_back false
world_law_plants_tickles false
world_law_root_pranks false
world_law_nectar_nap false
world_law_diplomacy true
world_law_rites true
world_law_peaceful_monsters false
world_law_hunger true
world_law_vegetation_random_seeds false
world_law_roots_without_borders false
world_law_grow_minerals false
world_law_grow_grass false
world_law_biome_overgrowth false
world_law_terramorphing false
world_law_kingdom_expansion true
world_law_old_age true
world_law_animals_spawn true
world_law_animals_babies true
world_law_rebellions true
world_law_border_stealing true
world_law_erosion false
world_law_forever_lava false
world_law_forever_cold false
world_law_disasters_nature false
world_law_clouds false
world_law_evolution_events true
world_law_disasters_other false
world_law_angry_civilians false
world_law_civ_babies true
world_law_forever_tumor_creep false
world_law_civ_army true
world_law_civ_limit_population_100 false
world_law_gaias_covenant true
world_law_cursed_world false